yeah what's going on guys I'm twice
happy thanks for everyone that's been
following my videos this is my 200 video
special this is gonna be the face coming
the border this is basically being
recorded before I've actually recorded
my 200 but a not so I'm just going to be
yeah it's basically a little underground
village and being dissolved most of my
subscribers are gained like how last
best basically a lot pop series of
minecraft because they were the first
video was actually made and i was making
like creations contraptions and red
stones and lot of things and things like
that so I fought for my 200 and being
some like getting bigger and growing
every single day I thought I'm gonna run
and it's all free minecraft to be honest
Call of Duty videos uh I'd say about a
quarter of my fans a call of duty but
most of them are minecraft so obviously
my 200th gotta be minecraft and yeah so
a forum as I meant my 200th a minecraft
video beans as it's like a big two
hundred and then if I don't one for 100
module by not than one for 50 which was
actually that Chinese a lot village sore
finger sky village which I'd then
actually finished that in the end I did
do work on it but i think i think was
doing monkey and brad and they stopped
by wanting to go on the word because it
so when you start off the world and you
start doing the thing it's light it's
good because it loads to do but then
once you've built all like the stacks
and the breaches and rooms and that the
part is basically like putting in a
detail like putting these hell in the
rooms putting in all the chest all the
chairs and like that and tables so
i think it's what gave up hope on
up towards like the detail part so we
didn't ever finish that and that was
last year as well I think I still got
the world though and maybe full of my
250th i might finish it depend on how
much work there is that I've got doing
it because I can't remember it I've just
been to a wedding that's why I'm wearing
a shirt I wouldn't really we're sure but
there you go it was good lie as you i'm
gonna do a stream on this or wedding
part now for years because it's a long
topic i'm gonna keep this at about four
minutes because that's how long the
video is going to be so yeah all the
rooms are there is self expand she
really liked all the rooms for what they
are but there's like a strip bar dash
gangster all sort of thing going on in
to the farm okay bar there's a bar in it
um remember the rest but you can see
what they ought it should be
self-explanatory i put it in the
description if it isn't and yeah my has
a pretty mess my screw yeah thanks for
supporting me of the way you guys are
top subscribers will probably be linked
in the description and yeah if ncg nexus
i dunno you've gone you've stopped
commenting on my videos i think is right
if y'all don't think I do my grandpa
Zeek subscribes me because do minecraft
is comment in all my videos when i was
doing minecraft out so i'll cut off the
minecraft scene and then batter called
you in the reason i did go back to is
because we've got a gelling that which i
didn't actually do in the end yeah and
the reason i've gone batteries cuz the
optic house it's made me it starts to
begin impact on me how great it must be
to be where they are so I'm spending a
thousand-pound I might put no I made
this a blast not actually a
thousand-pound I'm spending on a game
itself I'm gonna boy
one of this now somebody on the one on
the boy corner desk so then my laptop
can go there my computer screen i'm
buying a 22 inch and that's 22 or 24
enjoy TV run it to quantity of 1 which
i'm going to be playing on at the moment
i'm playing on a 32 inch I think it's 32
it might be a bit bigger what it's up on
the wall and being something down here
I've got a look that way so see and I
don't know it I think like because i was
playing world at war on my pc and my pc
mine is a 20 and I don't know he felt
better to me life and then pay cod five
in ages and I was doing so well on it
and you know because I don't know she
was different lighting it and it was
good it was good so I know this video's
gone one of a four minute song and this
in a bit but yeah thnkx for everyone i
support meat and now when i get a bit
bigger and i started getting bit more
active subscribers I'm gonna do a
giveaway I don't know what I've yet um
want me to do with you I might actually
give away a custom controller for the
new xbox one or ps4 I've delivery so I'm
going to go to yet depends which one's
best for can pave because that's what
that's what I want to do is I want to do
compare like game okay and you guys
might not lot like watching that because
there aren't many people out there that
watch YouTube got compared gamers and
like I don't think a lot of these would
like that if you if you want to see I
will stream it and don't upload
occasional videos on it but that's
different that's what I do in my own
time I don't recall or stream it I just
do it and yes I obviously I'll still be
doing my commentaries my screens my
minecraft if I might carry on one cup so
I've actually got a stream of it this is
over minecraft so this video in the past
two videos belonging minecraft actually
so that in too bad anyway guys these
this video's got my over so i will see
you in my next video
you